README.md, before:

<img width="400px" style="max-width: 100%;" src="https://raw.github.com/witneyjs/witney/master/static/readme/logo.png" alt="logo"/>

-------


# [witney](https://github.com/witneyjs/witney)


<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://raw.github.com/witneyjs/witney/master/static/readme/gen-badges/badge.0.svg?sanitize=true" alt="license"></a> <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/witney"><img src="https://raw.github.com/witneyjs/witney/master/static/readme/gen-badges/badge.1.svg?sanitize=true" alt="npm"></a> <img src="https://raw.github.com/witneyjs/witney/master/static/readme/gen-badges/badge.2.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Tests"> <img src="https://raw.github.com/witneyjs/witney/master/static/readme/gen-badges/badge.3.svg?sanitize=true" alt="coverage"> <a href="https://prettier.io/"><img src="https://raw.github.com/witneyjs/witney/master/static/readme/gen-badges/badge.4.svg?sanitize=true" alt="code style"></a> <img src="https://raw.github.com/witneyjs/witney/master/static/readme/gen-badges/badge.5.svg?sanitize=true" alt="PRs"> 

Template for javascript/typescript front- and backend projects

-------

Read [Getting started](http://www.witneyjs.com/getting_started.html) to learn how to start using Witney for your next projects.

Commit message:

feat!: simplified the project using microbundle

README.md, after:

# [💡 Witney](https://github.com/witneyjs/witney)

[![](assets/badge.license.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![](assets/badge.npm.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/witney)
![](assets/badge.coverage.svg)
[![](assets/badge.style.svg)](https://prettier.io/)

---

Don't wait to start with your javascript and typescript projects.

Read [Getting started](http://www.witneyjs.com/getting_started.html) to learn how to start using Witney for your next projects.

Features:

- 📦 Bundles with [microbundle](https://github.com/developit/microbundle)
- 🧹 Formatting with [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
- 👨🏼‍⚖️ Typescript support with [ts-node](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-node) and [ts-jest](https://github.com/kulshekhar/ts-jest)
- 📏 Tests and coverage with [jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest)
- 🧢 Markdown site generation with [mallery](https://github.com/malleryjs/mallery/)
- 🎰 Versioning with [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version)
- 🧰 Packed with commonly used dev scripts
  - All written with 🧩 extensibility in mind
  - Scripts for Building, Testing, Coverage, Server starting
  - 🔖 Badges generator
  - 🧐 Dependency license check
  - 👽 Dependency gyp check
